---
title: SEO Tips 2019 - Freelance Web Designer Barcelona
excerpt: Did you know that your website could be the first choice of millions of users? Yes! Just put in place the best SEO strategies and have the support of digital marketing experts. I reveal the techniques most recommended by  experts on this subject.Big companies have a lot of interest in SEO because of the high profits it offers. However, Search Engine Optimization techniques are not static, they vary and are kept up to date with constant improvements. Therefore, it is necessary to obtain extensive and above all updated information regarding the best SEO strategies.
layout: article
permalink: /seo-tips-tricks
---

<h1 class="article-header">SEO Tips and Tricks 2019</h1>

Did you know that your website could be the first choice of millions of users? Yes! Just put in place the best SEO strategies and have the support of digital marketing experts. I reveal the techniques most recommended by  experts on this subject.

Big companies have a lot of interest in SEO because of the high profits it offers. However, Search Engine Optimization techniques are not static, they vary and are kept up to date with constant improvements. Therefore, it is necessary to obtain extensive and above all updated information regarding the best SEO strategies.

Having a website today is quite simple, in fact in a short time you can create a site. However, what is really complicated is that through the chosen domain obtain adequate visibility from the most popular search engines. Therefore, I would like to share some key points and SEO strategies with you. With which, you can have a broader and more informed idea on how to position your website.

In conclusion: What is necessary to position yourself in Google?

<h2>What is SEO? How does it influence your web growth?</h2>

First and foremost, before going into more specific topics, let's define what SEO is, because you've probably heard a lot about this terminology without fully knowing what its approach is. Therefore, basically, SEO is a set of actions, methodologies and strategies that point towards an objective; to facilitate searches.

Therefore, SEO seeks to adapt to the criteria of Google search engines and updates of their algorithms. Therefore, it actively influences to increase the visibility of the content of a website for a later conversion.

While SEO is very important, each web page maintains its own objectives depending on what it is trying to achieve. However, behind the good SEO results there is a lot of time for planning and monitoring strategies.

Know some SEO strategies to boost your website
Surely knowing and using some SEO strategies will bring many benefits to your website, such as finding users who have a growing interest in your content and become recurring visitors. Also, some websites obtain economic benefits thanks to the good content of your website or the distribution of your services.

Next, we share some strategic points that you must take into account to design your SEO plans.

<h2>1. Analyze the SEO On Page</h2>

SEO on page is a number of strategies applied to your website, starting from Home and then assessing the functionality of other relevant pages. On this point, it is vital to pay a lot of attention to how the structure of your website is and how much keyword optimization it has. On the other hand, it is not only important that you comply with the basic parameters of SEO, but also to determine how useful your content is for your target audience.

Also keep in mind that you can follow some techniques or strategies for writing commercial content. All with the intention of generating content that persuasively connects with the needs of potential customers pointing to a solution from 
your services.

It will also be important for you to evaluate the legibility criteria of your content, its linkage and related functional factors. Therefore, to be more successful around this is good to have the service of professionals or an advisor seo. Because, certainly, there are many factors that must be taken into account to check the efficiency at the level of on-page positioning.

<h2>Boost the agility of your website</h2>

Likewise, in any good strategy to enhance your website you should not overlook how efficient your site is. Because, Google analyzes certain technical criteria to determine if your web is really a good contribution for users. As a result, it also takes into account the speed of a website. Therefore, if your page takes too long to load or doesn't perform well, it's a good idea to ask for maintenance. Don't forget to make sure that every detail of the website is optimal and perfect adapted for operation from mobile phones and tablets.

<h2>Balance the aesthetic factor with the SEO of your site</h2>
While it is important to offer the user quality content that meets what they are really looking for, it is also important to take care of the aesthetic value of the website. And for this it is necessary to have a strategic design that includes attractive elements that connect with the needs of the user.

It is important to assess trends in design and find fully functional creations that promote the identity of your site. At the same time, it is vital to check that each element fits well at the responsive level.

<h2>Includes calls to successful action</h2>
While your website may have a good design and quality content, it needs to have an attractive element that immediately arouses the interest of users. In order to do this, call to action calls were devised, which comply very well with these parameters.

Generally, a call to action is a phrase that calls users to action, usually connects with their needs and sells them practical and fully accessible solutions. It is vital for the user experience and even for good SEO performance to have enough call to action to allow a sales gear.

<h2>Get customer reviews</h2>
For Google it is not only important that your website has a good number of visits, but also the interaction generated by your users. This allows you to assess the rebound percentage rate (which should be minimum) and other parameters that search engines take into account to give relevance to your site.

On top of this, a good way to beat the rebound percentage and gain interaction with your loyal followers is to get reviews of them. For this you can offer certain benefits as an incentive for your users to provide a comment on the quality of your services and / or products.

<h2>Perform an SEO audit</h2>
SEO positioning techniques are much broader than what you can see with the naked eye. In other words, complying with the requirements of an SEO plugin or having sufficiently optimized content does not fully ensure the success of your website. Since, there are other factors to take into account that unfortunately tend to overlook.

That is why, it is convenient to request an SEO audit, especially if the website has not shown a noticeable performance in a considerable period of time. Such an audit should be carried out by an SEO professional and assesses in detail every aspect of the optimization of a site.

<h2>Use plugin to know metrics</h2>
When working with SEO strategies it is not acceptable to stop counting progress, as this makes it impossible to extract a conversion margin. And when investing in a web positioning strategy it is vital to obtain profits and good results.

Likewise, one of the best plugins to know: percentage of rebound, visits and visits by organic positioning is Google Analitycs. In addition, Google greatly values the use of all its tools in relation to web positioning.

<h2>Create a weekly content planning</h2>
Google has to perceive that your website is constant with its content, and that it is not one of those typical ghost websites that they publish every month. Therefore, you should strive to generate good content and especially aimed at meeting some need of your target audience.

To achieve this, it is important that you do a weekly content planning in which you define the theme and planning of keywords to include. This applies both for the creation of landing pages to follow an SEO strategy or for the creation of content for the blog.

<h2>Show a clear contribution to your users</h2>
Contrary to what some people estimate Google is very selective with the first 10 websites that come out as a result of a given search. Therefore, it is important that the contribution is clear and totally valuable for the user... and for Google.

Surely you are thinking, how do I achieve this? Well, you must follow a planning of your text, include keywords in context and naturally, and above all be very interactive and varied with your content.

For example, if you are creating content for a blog, don't make a sober structure that tires visually. Instead, you must provide other elements that give value to the reader such as a comparative table, a review, notes, bibliographic sources and this type of elements

